a tutorial then started immediately
extending a thing of white enamel
covering this you see is mine
second pass then if retained
if necessary, let it dry again
fine and white enamel and started
with a very thin brush and it
red nail polish to make a transverse line
I do it quite often is
approximately 2 mm 23 mm also depends
from the length of your nails
if you have very short and do
simply a line with the brush that
remain very very very thin always
well my line is complete also from
sides I recommend very well I do
two indeed in art wants
take a little inspiration from the candies and
stags when to take these
vile smi very red and with enamel
red still wet then just
finished making the lines I go lean
my finger inside my glitter
precisely for this reason or in a while
will go to remove the excess and the enamel
white must be super dry because
if the glitter were still wet
they would also simplify him and not go
well we want them only and only
on the red enamel
when then with the small brush a
brush everything by dropping i
glitter that is attached
on the dry asphalt then on the part
white and we don't want them there then
spend it I spend a joint and
surely some gods will remain attached
glitter inevitable then me with
trattoria underwire trying not to
ruin the white enamel under but so much
dry so it should not bind with
I notice a lot of attention at work
completed
of course they spread my base
transparent which is really necessary
because on the books of the ancients they go away not
there is hope
and this is the same final used on all
ten fingers a little while ago at work
made and on longer nails and it was
exactly what i hope you like e
happy holidays to all bye
sign up to not miss even one
video from the next